## Attendees

- Jessica
- Ivan
- Tyler
- Andrew
- Keith
- Nikola
- Pavel
- Roger
- Ry
- Sophie
- Tayebwa

## Agenda

- Recap from last SDK meeting

## Minutes

- Hip 551 (Released last week) for all SDKs (Rust and Swift still pending)
  - Open to discuss, need to make it as user friendly as possible.
  - Need to post this in the announcements. Needs few days to receive feedback.
  - https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-improvement-proposals/blob/main/HIP/hip-551.md
- Transaction size of the proposal and external device for signing.
- HIP mentioned by Simi (Ivan to look more into it) -> consensus node team to look into it.
  - https://hips.hedera.com/hip/hip-1046
  - Can started to be implemented in the SDKs.
