## Attendees

- Ivan Asenov
- Robert Walworth
- Roger Barker
- Sophie Bulloch
- Pavel Borisov
- Andrew Brandt
- Georgi Stoykov
- Anuj Saxena
- Venilin Vasilev
- Angelina Ceppaluni
- Keith Kowal

## Agenda

- Recap from last SDK meeting
    - Review HIP-1046

## Additional Topics

- Python SDK [pull 127](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-sdk-python/pull/127/)
- Hiero-Solo-Action

## Minutes

- Ivan commented on HIP-1046 -> Meeting with Mirror Node team to be held 2025-06-16
    - Interactions with transaction tool to be discussed
- Shards & Realms: Discussion on how to handle persistent shard and realm support in Client.
    - [Document](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/sdk-collaboration-hub/pull/28/files) updated 2025-06-16
- TCK Regression Tests
    - Discussed latest state of the TCK regression panel
    - Robert & Ivaylo to discuss next steps with consensus team
- Office Hours
    - Trial office hours later in June
- Python SDK [pull 127](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-sdk-python/pull/127/)
    - Roger to add a new issue to capture type-hinting best practices w/ examples
- Hiero-Solo-Action
    - Solo-Action being used for testing in CPP SDK
    - Recommend adding a flag for account creation with a number of accounts to create
