## Attendees

- Jessica Gonzalez
- Ivan Asenov
- Ivaylo Garnev
- Robert Walworth
- Roger Barker
- Ry Jones
- Sophie Bulloch
- Venilin Vasilev
- Keith Kowal
- Louis Fourie
- Nikola Naydenov

## Agenda

- Recap from last SDK meeting
- Re-org of meetings folder
- Hip-1046

## Minutes

- HIP mentioned by Simi (Ivan to look more into it) -> consensus node team to look into it.
  - https://hips.hedera.com/hip/hip-1046
  - Can started to be implemented in the SDKs.
  - In draft, mirror node part not yet clarified -> address book data, how it will be returned?
  - Design doc to be updated after the mirror node team's update.
  - Discussion on https://openssf.org/ scorecard and TAC review
    - Reports to be available at https://scorecard.dev/viewer/?uri=
  - Discussion on Readme file template: https://github.com/hiero-ledger/tsc/issues/127
    - Comments welcomed
    - Example of a complete Readme: https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/main/README.md
