## Attendees

- Robert Walworth
- Sophie Bulloch
- Keith Kowal
- Angelina Ceppaluni

## Minutes

- Rob updated on SDK progress on HIP-1195
  - Implementation being done this sprint and should be done by next week
- Rob updated on node account ID change
  - Design still being come up with, as consensus node functionality isn't fully defined yet
  - Keith brought up different impacts this change will have on SDKs, including increasing number of `INVALID_NODE_ACCOUNT_ID` errors after change
    - Rob assured there would be implications that could be discussed and minimized, but there are no expected changes to the SDK public API