## Attendees

- Robert Walworth
- Angelina Ceppaluni
- Ivaylo N
- Pavel Borisov
- Jessica Gonzalez
- Ivan Asenov
- Sophie Bulloch
- Shafayet Ahmed Chowdhury
- Keith Kowal

## Minutes

- SDK dual-publishing
  - Roger and Georgi managed to get Rust dual-published
  - Rob questioned if we had all we wanted in terms of communicating this to community
    - Mentioned LFDT discord announcements
    - Will check with Roger and Michiel on this
- Python SDK office hours
  - Sophie reported they will be fortnightly on Wednesdays at 5pm UTC
- Rob presented HIP updates
  - HIP-551 being re-added to v0.65 of consensus node, so SDKs will retest and confirm functionality
  - HIP-1139 had some updates, and the design doc in the SDK hub has been updated to reflect the changes
- Python SDK flow
  - Sophie brought up concerns with reviewing PRs and merging in Python SDK, as well as increasing PR quality
  - Many new starters the past week (5 new starters in blog, 11 new issues and PRs)
  - Ideas were discussed as to how to alleviate some of this pressure from PR reviewers for the repo
    - Reviewers allocate more time to reviewing PRs
    - More reviewers for subsets of Hiero transactions
    - Adding more templates to SDK hub to better streamline PR and hopefully increase overall PR quality
    - Discussions at Python SDK office hours about increasing PR quality and what should/shouldn't be included in PRs