## Attendees

- Robert Walworth
- Keith Kowal
- Jessica Gonzalez
- Hendrik Ebbers
- Ivan Asenov
- Georgi Stoykov
- Sophie Bulloch
- Angelina Ceppaluni
- Roger Barker
- Andrew Brandt

## Minutes

- Dual-publishing of SDKs
  - Keith mentioned we're pending public announcements (Hiero and Hedera blog)
    - Blog posts are currently in PR
    - Discussed who should review, merge, and who should have permissions for each blog (website repo)
    - Marketing subcommittee should be created and have the rights to the repo
      - Discussed other potential responsibilities of the marketing committee (templates, event planning, etc.)
    - Further discussion to be had in website repo call later in the week
  - Roger provided an update on first release with dual-publishing
    - Meeting with Simi and release team next week to go over process and align
    - Might do first dual-publish release manually to work out kinks
  - Rob asked about migration docs and how those will be provided
    - Keith mentioned links to them will be provided in the blogs
  - Georgi suggested doing a "test" release to try and verify the dual-publishing workflows
    - Going to work with Roger on that
  - Angelina suggested using some tools to help with blog mockups
    - Going to work with Sophie on this in the website meetings
- Python SDK office hours
  - Sophie provided an update on survey responses
    - Working on a blog post to announce official office hour times
    - Working with Jessica on getting firm date and time
- Rob discussed upcoming HIPs
  - HIP-1139: SDK design doc approved for this last week
    - Keith mentioned this HIP is being revised currently so we should still continue to wait on implementation
  - HIP-1195: Hiero hooks
    - Currently looking to be released in v0.66, so SDK teams will start to look at the design for this in the coming week
  - HIP-991 addition: max_custom_fees for scheduled transactions
    - Currently a design doc for this is in PR
  - New response code will also be added at some point, SDKs will look out for this and implement when it's ready
- Hendrik did demo on Hiero solo action local testing
  - Going to present in next solo action meeting
