## Attendees

- Ivan
- Robert
- Sophie
- Nadine
- Ry
- Keith
- Simi
- Angelina
- Roger
- Jessica


## Additional Topics
- Marketing and blogging branding for docs
- Version bump for SDKs publishing under hiero

## Minutes

- New meeting minutes structure is in place, working well so fine.
- Python SDK office hours to be discussed.
- Simi's project board presentation.
- Marketing and blogging -> Python SDK want to write blogs and use any recommended tools.
- Keith suggest to reach out to Ed and marketing to help us out.
- https://github.com/orgs/hiero-ledger/discussions/91
- Reminder of [best practices for docs](https://lf-decentralized-trust.github.io/governance/guidelines/project-best-practices.html#documentation).
- Version bump review of options: https://github.com/hiero-ledger/sdk-collaboration-hub/issues/29
